# SERPENT-RAVEN ROM GENERATION

## Usage:
First, set the list of isotopes to track by modifying `iso_file`.
Then run:
```
python generate_custom_varaible.py
```
to generate the corresponding feature space and target space.
The generated feature and target space will be automatically loaded
into the simulations through xml inclusion. Then run the xml files
through raven!

### aux-input-files
This folder contains axillary input file parts
such as the feature/target space for the ROM,
 the list of isotopes to track (iso_file),
geometry file for SERPENT, and the custom
xml for reading input for ROM runs.

### data
This folder contains csv files that are either
generated by RAVEN or curated from external sources.

The columns are: input isotope atomic density, depletion time, 
boc keff, eoc keff, and output isotope atomic density).


### rom
This folder contains the ROM generated and tests to validate
the ROM. All RAVEN runs regarding using or generating the ROM
are pointed to this directory (WorkingDir)

### run_serpent_with_raven
The input file `run_serpent_with_raven.xml` works in this
directory. RAVEN will run the input file (`msbr_input_comp.serpent`)
and modify parameters as specified in the xml file.

### scripts
This directory contains all scripts to curate hdf5 data
received from Andrei (@andrewryh0) or generate isotopic
files (list of isotopes that the ROM would track)

### doc
This folder has a report in LaTex describing the process
of generating SERPENT ROM with RAVEN. Execute `make` in this
directory to compile into pdf.

### SerpentInterface.py
This python script is the interface for RAVEN and SERPENT.
This file should be in the RAVEN repository in path
`..../raven/framework/CodeInterfaces/SERPENT/`. Note that
the file `output_parser.py` has to be correctly referenced
in line 26.


